Kyverno stuck (#230)
giantswarm/handbook: content/docs/support-and-ops/ops-recipes/kyverno-stuck-upgrade-pending.md

---
title: "Kyverno Stuck In Pending Upgrade"
owner:
- https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/team-shield
confidentiality: public
---

> There have been cases where the cluster upgrades, for example from AWS v18 -> v19, provoked the security bundle and in particular Kyverno get stuck in Helm `pending-upgrade` till manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There have been cases where during cluster upgrades, for example from AWS v18 -> v19, the Kyverno migration logic takes longer than the default `app-operator` installation timeout. This can result in Kyverno getting stuck in Helm `pending-upgrade` and requiring manual intervention.
```

> To force the resolution the best idea is to rollback to previous version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To force the resolution the best idea is to rollback to previous version, which will cause `app-operator` to re-reconcile the App and refresh the stuck Helm charts.
```
